IT Support Intern - Dolby Laboratories

	Link: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4279610202/



About the job

	Join the leader in entertainment innovation and help us design the future. At Dolby, science meets art, and high tech means more than computer code. As a member of the Dolby team, you’ll see and hear the results of your work everywhere, from movie theaters to smartphones. We continue to revolutionize how people create, deliver, and enjoy entertainment worldwide. To do that, we need the absolute best talent. We’re big enough to give you all the resources you need, and small enough so you can make a real difference and earn recognition for your work. We offer a collegial culture, challenging projects, and excellent compensation and benefits, not to mention a Flex Work approach that is truly flexible to support where, when, and how you do your best work.

	Join the leader in entertainment innovation and help us design the future. At Dolby, science meets art, and high tech means more than computer code. As a member of the Dolby team, you’ll see and hear the results of your work everywhere, from movie theaters to smartphones. We continue to revolutionize how people create, deliver, and enjoy entertainment worldwide. To do that, we need the absolute best talent. We’re big enough to give you all the resources you need, and small enough so you can make a real difference and earn recognition for your work. We offer a collegial culture, challenging projects, and excellent compensation and benefits, not to mention a Flex Work approach that is truly flexible to support where, when, and how you do your best work.

	During your day to day work you will be implementing and evaluating new technologies supporting the local IT Operations team. Gather the requirements while collaborating in projects, documentation, delivering end user support and communication with users.

	Please note that this role requires onsite contribution.

	Responsibilities:

	    Providing day to day IT support to the Wroclaw office
	    Assisting with content creation for the IT organisation 
	    Supporting the Manager with daily operations on:
	    Service Request Fulfillment
	    Incident requests
	    Problem requests
	    Access request
	    Change request

	Qualifications: 

	    Interest in IT technologies
	    Requirement to speak and write English on a communicative level
	    Experience with Microsoft office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint)
	    Flexibility and enthusiasm with an eagerness to learn 
	    Knowledge on Windows operating systems, remote desktop

	Dolby Hiring Entity:

	Dolby Poland Sp. z o.o.

	Business Garden, Building G

	ul. Legnicka 48

	Wrocław, 54-202, Poland


